Enable the Helm Operator (#38)
CrowdStrike/falcon-helm: README.md

# CrowdStrike Falcon Helm Chart and Helm Operator

> [![Artifact HUB](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://artifacthub.io/badge/repository/falcon-helm)](https://artifacthub.io/packages/search?repo=falcon-helm) [![Docker Repository on Quay](https://quay.io/repository/crowdstrike/falcon-helm-operator/status "Docker Repository on Quay")](https://quay.io/repository/crowdstrike/falcon-helm-operator)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![Artifact HUB](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://artifacthub.io/badge/repository/falcon-helm)](https://artifacthub.io/packages/search?repo=falcon-helm) [![Container Repository on Quay](https://quay.io/repository/crowdstrike/falcon-helm-operator/status "Container Repository on Quay")](https://quay.io/repository/crowdstrike/falcon-helm-operator)
```

Reviewer: ``Docker`` registry or ``container``?

Author: Mind holding off on this change? I am going to add another badge with another PR for an OLM bundle, and then, I plan on restructuring the readme, which at that point, I plan on fixing this. Feel free to disagree.

Reviewer: No problem!

  * Nodes must be Linux distributions supported by CrowdStrike. See [https://falcon.crowdstrike.com/support/documentation/20/falcon-sensor-for-linux#operating-systems](https://falcon.crowdstrike.com/support/documentation/20/falcon-sensor-for-linux#operating-systems) for supported Linux distributions and kernels.
* Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform 4.6+

The Falcon Helm Operator has been tested to deploy on the following Kubernetes
distributions:

> * Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform 4.6+

Reviewer: Does it make sense to call out the full version number, e.g. ``4.6.20+``? Not sure how backward compatible things are.

# Deployment Considerations

To ensure a successful deployment, you will want to ensure that:
1. By default, the Helm Chart installs in the `default` namespace. Best
1. By default when deploying using a Helm Chart, the Helm Chart installs in the `default` namespace. Best
   practices for deploying to Kubernetes is to create a new namespace.
   This can be done by adding `-n falcon-system --create-namespace` to your

>    `helm install` command.

Reviewer: Should the helm charts create a namespace, eg ``crowdstrike``, if it's best practice not to use ``default``?

Author: You have to purposefully create it through a cli flag with helm. It's not recommended or supported through helm to create a namespace in a template.

Reviewer: It's ok to run `helm --create namespace` but not do it inside a helm template? O_o

Should we have creation of the namespace be a required step earlier in the process?

Reviewer: (meaning certainly believe you, just seems weird!)

>    `helm install` command. You do not have to do this when using the Helm Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   `helm install` command. This is not required when using the Helm Operator.
```

On 24-FEB-2021, CrowdStrike announced (via [press release](https://www.crowdstrike.com/press-releases/advanced-threat-protection-for-cloud-and-container-workloads/)) technology previews are available for deploying Falcon into Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS), Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), Rancher, and Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform (OCP).

> This Helm operator and chart are being developed to automate Falcon sensor deployments into Kubernetes environments. As large-scale testing continues, please note that this Helm chart (and more broadly, sensor deployment into AKS, GKE, Rancher, or OCP) is not yet officially supported nor recommended for production workloads. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Helm operator and chart are being developed to automate Falcon sensor deployments into Kubernetes environments. As large-scale testing continues, please note that this content (and more broadly, sensor deployment into AKS, GKE, Rancher, or OCP) is not yet officially supported nor recommended for production workloads. 
```

* To provide feedback regarding this Helm operator and/or chart, please open a ticket in this repo.
* To provide feedback when containerizing the Linux sensor, please open a ticket/bug report with CrowdStrike Support

# Using Helm Operator

## Deploy using Make from the Git Repository

1. Deploy the Helm operator
   ```
   make deploy IMG=quay.io/crowdstrike/falcon-helm-operator:latest
   ```

> 2. Customize the Helm operator deployment by adding your CID and configuring the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Customize the Helm operator deployment by adding your CrowdStrike Customer ID (CID) and configuring the
```
